Hello, can I help you?
I have a nice orange ring here.
There is still such a big diamond on it, you say
It's a ring, etc.
Why is this so similar?
The police are with us
A custom-made limited edition engagement ring?
This is the only one in the world
Hey what do you think of these try it on
Are you going to say it after so long?
Don't you say I'm going to dinner with my friends?
Take us
Please wait a moment.
Hey come on
I hired two electronic thieves.
Remember something big
What's the hurry?
There was a pet under the group just now.
Someone from the store called
Someone stole your engagement ring
I'm also going to change it and sell it for money.
That chocolate
Got it, it's in the store now
Drive over now
I'd like to see it
It's you who don't understand that you are willing to break my stuff yourself